---
permalink: "blog/big-3/"
tags: posts
title: A big 3
date: 2004-05-28
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

A big 3 and a half day weekend comin' up. Optimus Prime, this one is for you.

I've had this feeling for a long time that I need to get back into a groove of doing something that will get me recognition, money or not. I don't want to be content just going to my job every single day, then coming home. I want to like my job, sure, but I don't want my job to be my life. I want my job to pay my bills and be able to afford things I want to do when I'm not at work.

Everybody's workin' for the weekend.

I loved the NESpc and the recognition it got me. I've had a couple minor successes where a few select people knew who I was. The comic I worked on in high school got me some fan mail from the west coast. The Army of Darkness site got me some attention. The NESpc got me way too much attention. I need more of that. I feel like I SHOULD have it, and sitting around NOT having it means I'm not living up to my full potential. 

One of these days, one of my little successes is going to turn into a big one that will make me a lot of money, which will afford me a lot of free time, which will translate into me doing whatever the hell I want all the time, which will ultimately make me a happy camper.

Am I aiming too high? No way. I love to aim too high ($1 for anyone other than Jaimee who can tell me who I'm making fun of with that line).

So, this weekend will be spent working on my next computer mod, Optimus, which hopefully will get me back on TV. We'll see.