---
permalink: "blog/it-was-8/"
tags: posts
title: It was an
date: 2005-05-15
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

It was an extremely exciting night last night, I tell you what. But I'll start my weekend recap with Friday. I did nothing all night long. I was kind of geared up to go out on the town later in the night, but around 9 got insanely tired. I figured I'd take a short nap on my couch so I could last through the night. I woke up about 6 hours later. I watched a little TV, then went to bed for real. Good times. 

Last night was a wedding I had to go to with Angie. I wasn't especially looking forward to it, playing fake-date and having to make conversation with people I barely know. But it turned out to be a whole lot of fun. Angie's friends pretty much rule out loud, and I was looking hot with my new 34" pants, and all was right with the world. After the wedding, Angie and I headed to Kelleher's and met Fabish for a couple of beers. Then we were going to go to Jimmy's to meet some more of Angie's friends. I was driving her car from Kelleher's to Jimmy's when I noticed the gas gauge was very, very, very buried deep within the "E" range. Angie flipped through the options on her fancy computer thing and it showed 0 miles left before we ran out of gas. Still, we didn't have far to go and I wasn't too worried about it, but the car died a few seconds later. I hopped out and started pushing. Luckily we were just a few dozen feet from a gas station, and luckily again the attendant on duty came out and helped me push it up the slight incline that led to the pump. 

So after that little adventure, we got to Jimmy's and had a few more beers with Fabish and Julie before calling it a night. 

Right now I'm gearing up to head out to Angie's parent's house for her brother's graduation party. And tomorrow I restart my diet. I've been avoiding the scale since I don't want to see how much damage I've done in the past few days, but I'm sure its significant.