---
permalink: "blog/wow/"
tags: posts
title: Wow...
date: 2002-12-02
layout: layouts/post.njk
---

So, for those of you "in the know", I used to maintain a really, really ridiculously extensive and high-traffic website about the movie Army of Darkness. In it's prime, the site got close to 5,000 visitors a week, and I was kicked off many, many servers for going over my bandwidth. While that's not rare these days, it's rare that a page dedicated to a movie that was 10 years old can get such traffic. I got a lot of stupid email about the site and took it down several times when I got too frustrated with it. To my surprise, people had downloaded the entire site and mirrored it in other places, so it never really went away. In the 3 or 4 years I maintained it, I got tons of free movies, free software, and free interviews with Bruce Campbell himself. At one point I was approached by the current maintainers of bruce-campbell.com to be the "Official" Army of Darkness site, but I turned them down because they would have made me delete all the cuss words and update every few days. It was just too much responsibility in high school. Anyway, the site can still be seen on the 'net... one of the aforementioned people who mirrored it never took it down. You can see it here: [http://www.neises.com/ode2ash/aod/][1].

Anyway, the reason I mention all this now is this email I got today. It was pretty much the last thing I expected to see in my inbox. Enjoy.

Dear Tim,

I don't know if you remember me. It's been almost 5 years since I first  
annoyed you with my newbie antics. 5 years ago, your Essential AoD site  
was one of the first websites I visited. It had tons of stuff, like  
pictures and sounds, all the goodies that made up a good site back in  
those days. Plus the design was pretty cool too. But after a while you  
closed the site. I've always felt partial responsible since I once  
emailed you that I took all your pictures to use for my site, which I  
actually never finished, and you told me it was rude to just take the  
pictures instead of asking if I could use them. It thought me a valueble  
lesson.  
However you returned with your AoD site. You trimmed down the content  
since all the other ED/AoD sites already had all the pics and wavs. The  
design on the other hand was superb, and it was red. You managed to  
create a site with red as background, wow. Plus when I saw it on  
1024x768 you had this bonus frame where lucky people could download a  
wallpaper. Once more the newbie me emailed you attaching your own logo.  
That wasn't so smart of me. And after that, even though you already  
wrote you didn't want to zip the alternate ending, I emailed you why,  
because on dial-up it costed me 90 minutes to download the 10Mb movie,  
and ofcourse the connection broke at 99%. Nowadays it takes 3 minutes to  
download 10Mb.  
So in my first months on the internet I managed to piss you off at least  
three times. I was such a n00b, like it took me 6 months to realise that  
resizing in a WYSIWYG editor doesnt mean the image is smaller to  
download. I adored you as webdesigner, and I always thought you and Pete  
Neises where responsible for the major overhauls on Evil Dead websites a  
few years ago, when design became more important. Although I always  
thought it was a shame you got rid of the red EAoD design.

Anyway, what I want to say is I'm sorry. I'm sorry I irritated you with  
my inexperience. 

Herald

*But in my own way, I am king.  
Hail to the king baby.*

 [1]: http://www.neises.com/ode2ash/aod/ "http://www.neises.com/ode2ash/aod/"